so what doesn't have a picture for
saying you drop all the bonus movie
clips another one of your little bird
little girls in this one
it's too vile and repulsive hmm two at
once
oh look at the beautiful colors of their
blood with you on an assignment the
vaquita thought I would be my demand
I tell you a tale of Heroes on gold who
died without the wrath of my enemies
yeah and sometime
Oh
we forgot
I'm Finnish finally I'm a beautiful
butterfly
present not
Harvester salute
blowing up
shave dick I'm Cory by the way
at least yeah yeah this this movie
pretty much says in those sequels
those of it no sequels we're making the
princess the Queen we're killing off the
yeah do I even say
there's a there's no room for sequels in
this movie as for such
yeah I don't think there's any full game
inflation bonuses
by the way yeah credit sassoon wants to
the n64 version
Rayford Dave button
I don't think this any more or less you
get all the stuff and all the levels
plus you got those bonus on this down
yeah let's pretty much everything what
like bosses Oh weird isn't it
we're still at Disney
yeah I get and we're still at Disney
games those days didn't really have it
totally got many people in it didn't
have to do movie stock movie style
credits you just do stuff like this
yeah not really anyone I can fix about
loads
I sent the American like Isaac Sony
Computer Entertainment America here says
Europe and started the game existence
ii-era
Oh
if anyone faint you bugs life it this is
me man like 1998 and you know there you
go
um yeah has anyone actually been to that
place at this new one
yes I would
what's it say do you want to save and
then pretty much glad and yeah that's it
so if you wanna know if you've got all
the puts go to movie clips and
funktastic you have everything filled in
once you have all these clips you're
good so pretty much follow this you're
good
so have fun guys see you guys in our -
yeah